README.md, before:

This program was made as a gift for a family member to search through their personal cookbook collection and find recipes that contain specific ingredients.

recipefinder.go will ask the user how many ingredients they would like to search for. It will then prompt the user to enter each of those ingredients one-by-one. The user will then asked how many recipes they would like to recieve. 

Based on this information, recipefinder.go will print information about the recipes with the most ingredient matches. 

The information printed includes the:
- Recipe (name of recipe)
- Cookbook (name of cookbook)
- Page Number
- Number of "Ingredient Matches" (number of user-inputted ingredients it uses)
- Ingredients (all ingredients in the recipe)
- Ronia Approval (whether or not I personally would like to try eating it)

When entering ingredients, please make sure to follow these rules to get the best-possible results:
- All ingredients should always be plural, even if it sounds weird (e.g., peas -> pea, mushrooms -> mushroom)
- Try not to be too specific (e.g., garlic clove -> garlic, light brown sugar -> brown sugar)
    - This rule really depends on the ingredients, if you aren't sure you can look in recipes.json to see what I did

Feedback and ideas are always welcome!

Commit message:

added vegetarian planet recipes, removed salt & pepper from ingredients

README.md, after:

This program was made as a gift for a family member to search through their personal cookbook collection and find recipes that contain specific ingredients.

recipefinder.go will ask the user how many ingredients they would like to search for. It will then prompt the user to enter each of those ingredients one-by-one. The user will then asked how many recipes they would like to recieve. 

Based on this information, recipefinder.go will print information about the recipes with the most ingredient matches. 

The information printed includes the:
- Recipe (name of recipe)
- Cookbook (name of cookbook)
- Page Number
- Number of "Ingredient Matches" (number of user-inputted ingredients it uses)
- Ingredients (all ingredients in the recipe)
- Ronia Approval (whether or not I personally would like to try eating it)

When entering ingredients, please make sure to follow these rules to get the best-possible results:
- All ingredients should always be plural, even if it sounds weird (e.g., peas -> pea, mushrooms -> mushroom)
- Try not to be too specific (e.g., garlic clove -> garlic, light brown sugar -> brown sugar)
    - This rule really depends on the ingredients, if you aren't sure you can look in recipes.json to see what I did

Misc. Notes:
- Water, salt, and black pepper are not included as ingredients for the sake of brevity

Feedback and ideas are always welcome!
